File: Wife
Created: Thu 05/May/2011 20:41
Updated: 2011 May 06 11:34:07 PM
Author: Og Maciel <ogmaciel@gnome.org>
Site: http://www.ogmaciel.com
Twitter: OgMaciel


It's always funny when I sometimes catch myself saying things that my
parents used tell me when I was younger. You know, the kind of stuff that
parents usually drill down into your head "to make you a better person"?
"Always remember to say thank you and please", or "brush your teeth" or
"respect your elders"? Well, this is the story of one of the things my mom
used to tell me when I was a teenager and learning by trial and error
(mostly by error for sure) about love. You see, I really wish I had great
stories about my teenager years and brag about how many girlfriends I had and
how many hearts I broke... but I can't! I was a very shy guy actually, and found it
extremely hard to talk to girls, specially with all the acne problem and the
oily face and what not. Worse of all, I always, and I mean ALWAYS fell for the
prettiest, most popular girl of the class who happened to know that all the
other boys were in love with her (and used that knowledge to toy with us and
make us do whatever she wanted us to do).

But going back to what my mom used to say to me. Probably after seeing me
nurse my broken heart so many times, one day she told me in earnest: "You're
looking for someone in the wrong places! Your special someone is probably
right under your nose and you're not seeing!" She also told me to learn to love
those who loved me for what I was, but my heart insisted on falling for girls
who just wouldn't notice me! Furthermore, I also thought that my girlfriend would
be someone who liked the same things I did, such as science, history, books,
fiction, or even the same food! I know, I know, what a dork! So I went through my
teenager years looking all over for that special someone, always looking at the
wrong places and always falling for someone who didn't love me back.

Now, when I say that I fell for someone, I fell hard! Filled with all the
romantic ideals and gestures I'd seen on cheesy movies, I developed the habit
of putting everything on hold and shapping my entire world to revolve around
my enfatuation dujour! I also always assumed the best from them and would not
think twice to lay down my brand new shirt over a puddle so that a girl would
not get her feet wet or spend my hard earned allowance to treat a girl to some
ice cream or soda pop. Yes, I was hopeless!

Don't think that I was a total failure when it comes to the ladies, though. I did
manage to steal a kiss here and there and even had a few girls fall in love
with me. But once again my heart would have nothing of it: if it wasn't the
girl I was infatuated with, I was completely oblivious to anyone else.
Actually, come to think of it, I even turned out a girl once (sorry Leila)
because I was hopelessly waiting for someone else to notice me! Yeah, when it
came down to love I knew absolutely nothing!

You'd think that by the time I went to college that I would have learned my
lesson and stopped looking for a replica of myself, right? Wrong! The pattern
continueda and I completely blew it several times including this amazing girl
who took me out a couple of times during my sophomore year. By the time I
realize her real intentions, it was too late and someone else swoop right in.

Eventually, all of these bad experiences and nights spent with a broken heart
brought me to a saturation point. All of a sudden, I gave up on my quest and
was willing to accept that I'd never find "my true love". If before I was
the nice guy who was always polite and aware of not hurting other people's
feelings, I became the complete opposite of that. I grew cold and no longer
cared to pay compliments to anyone, or offer my seat to someone who arrived
late at a meeting, or hold the door open. I even stopped saying thank you,
something my parents worked so hard to teach me! I take no pride in this phase
of my life, but after so much disappointment, I realized that all my life I
always put other people's feelings and interests in first place, and neglected
my own.

For a while I ignored what my heart told me, and tried to keep my mind busy by
taking on extra tasks at work and offering to work on Saturdays whenever the
opportunity came up. With all the hours I was putting at work I also stopped
going out on weekends. As a matter of fact, by the time I got home I was so
tired that all I could do was take a quick shower and go straight to bed. This
was also the time when my parents started arguing and fighting on a daily
basis. They both eventually started to ignore each other (and me), with my mom
neglecting to cook dinner and always going up to her room to watch tv, and my
dad turning the living room into his personal sleeping quarters. Life was not
very exciting back then.

I think that's when I hit rock bottom and reached that point where you can go
nowhere but up! It started with a comment my oldest sister casually made one
day when she was visiting us. I don't remember exactly why, but she mentioned
how a guy we used to be friends with a while back told her that the best
person for me would be someone who was also a gemini like myself. "Preferably,
someone who was born a couple of days before or after his birthday", he
supposedly said. For some reason that stuck with me and a couple of weeks
later something happened that made me remember it.

Turns out that one of my younger sister's coworker had recently broken up with
a long time boyfriend and was starting to check test the dating scene. My
sister offered to set me up on a blind date with her, telling me how nice,
smart and pretty she was. At first I ignored all this talk about "giving love
another chance" and was more than willing to go on hiding from the rest of the
world. And that's probably what I would have done if it wasn't for one last
comment that my sister made: Her birthday was one day after mine!

Almost 12 years later I can't remember for the life of me why she said that.
But it did catch my attention and my dormant mind slowly woke up from its deep
slumber and started wondering if what that old friend said had any merit.
Could someone who had a birthday close to my own have a lot in common with me?
Could this be that special someone? Thankfully I did not let my heart play its
old tricks on me this time, and decided that if I were to give this blind date
a chance, I'd have to be in total control over my emotions!

Through my sister I got her phone number and called her one day after work. My
sister apparently had already told her a bit about myself and she told me that
she was somewhat expecting my call. From that one phone call we agreed to meet
a couple of days later over dinner. I picked her up at her place and made some
casual conversation as we drove to the restaurant Villa Sandrelli.

We talked a lot that night, about everything you could possibly imagine. Since
this was the first time I went out with a girl whom I was not in love with, I
was possibly for the first at ease with myself. Without the hinderance of
having your heart controlling all of your thoughts and actions, I was able to
have a very decent conversation with Michelle (that was her name) and a pretty
promissing first date.

Even though I had a great time that evening, there were no sparks between the
two of us (or at least I didn't feel anything) and I was ready to accept it
for what it really was: a good dinner. But then she went and did something
that intrigued me to the point that I decided to ask her out one more time
later that week. Remember that scene in "A Bronx Tale" when DeNiro tells the
kid about his 1005 proof method of determining if a girl was good enough for
him? Well, I open the car door for her and as I walk over to my side, she
reaches out and unlocks my door for me, just like the girl does in the movie!
For someone who lept this kind of romantic stuff all of his life, I must say I
was very impressed.

Michelle and I went out on one more date, but once again there were no
immediate sparks, and at the end of the night I told myself to get this
"experiment" through a quick litmus test and see if I should "invest" any more
time or just move on. Here I have to take some time to excuse my behavior that
night and for the following 4 or 5 months. I'm not a jerk and I have never
aspired to be one! I will not even attempt to make excuses for my actions. All
I can say is that I was not willing to go on another rollercoaster of emotions
only to see myself alone and with a broken heart.

So, back to my second day with Michelle. She drove me back to my house (she
said that since I had picked her up last time, it was only fair that she
picked me up for our second date) and as soon as she pulled up I thanked her
for the evening and attempted to kiss her. She pulled back and immediately
appologized, saying that she wasn't ready to embark on a new relationship yet
and how she was still trying to get over her ex-boyfriend. And you know what?
For the first time I didn't feel dejected. I told her that I completely
understood her decision and that I it was ok with me. We shook hands and I
went inside my house, not realizing how much of a jerk I had been. For the
next 2 weeks Michelle called me a couple of times but I barely talked to her,
being completely indifferent to the fact that she still wanted to give our
relationship a shot.  Looking back I realized that she was a very sweet girl,
but there's no point in fantasizing about what could have happened if she had
only kissed me when I made my move that night. This ship had already sailed.

Talk about how you met Elizabeth

Talk about how different from each other you were.
